Why dummy?
The original server uses Nginx, Node.js, Redis, MySQL and Elasticsearch. While it is possible to set up the environment
so that it all works, it takes way too much time. Instead you can use "dummy" server which will mimic the behaviour of the
main server and not actually use any databases, caches, not perform search and other things, but will provide you the API
which you will be able to use for testing the app.

How to run them?
1. Install node. Ask Chat GPT how to install node on your platform, it shouldn't be hard
2. Check that node is installed, in the terminal type node --version
3. Pull this repo and navigate to it's main folder
4. To run both servers open 2 terminals, in one run "node main_server" in another "node carleton_server"

There are 2 dummy servers.

1. Carleton Server. It mimics the OAuth of carleton end, you can look through the code, the key thing is that you have 10 students,
student1, student2 ... student10 (these are logins) and 10 staff (analogically as students). They all don't have password validation
so to log in as student1 you just need to enter student1 in the login field and put whatever in the password field.


2. Main server. It mimics the main API you will work with. It doesn't provide dynamic responses, but the format of responses is
the same as in the actual server and you should use the same guidelines as for the actual API
For instance if you want to log the user in, you should redirect user to /toOauth and then wait until the user gets redirected to some
page that starts with /user, it will mean that the user logged in. This is exact same process as for the actual server

What it supports?
I will try to maintain it so that it supports everything the actual server supports (using chat gpt mostly)
GET /json/universities.json
GET /toOauth
*** This is enough to implement logging in. Note that it doesn't really set cookies, the only cookie it sets is logged=true,
i will use it later in the dummy to test if the user is actually logged to mimic how the actual server works ***